a Jenna is wasting a away before her
mother's eyes She's suffering from
malnutrition can no longer walk and
barely has the energy to talk her mother
shows us Jenna before the war on
Gaza Jenna's been brought to Kamal adwan
Hospital in Northern Gaza but it's only
partially functioning and staff can't
provide The Specialist Care Jenna needs
much to the despair of her
mother they asked me to take my daughter
and go home where is their conscience
what can I do at home with my very sick
daughter I want her to be treated abroad
I want her to be able to talk and walk
like other girls I don't know what to do
or where to
go food shortages caused by Israel's
blockade on a trucks are leaving
Palestinian children malnourished adwan
is suffering from a deficiency in
potassium and sodium the 2 and 1
half-year-old has lost more than a
quarter of his body weight in the last 6
months
I have two sons both of them are sick
they're fighting for their lives in
front of me and I can't do anything to
help
them health workers say they're seeing
more and more children every day
suffering from malnutrition and they're
appealing for desperately needed medical
supplies there are so many cases of
malnutrition that haven't been
documented because of the lack of beds
in the hospital meat eggs vegetables and
fruits aren't available this is
definitely led to problems with
children's immune systems infectious
diseases are rampant as is hepatitis
because of the water pollution the World
Health Organization has provided the
hospital with fuel for generators but
not nearly enough it's also short of
oxygen and incubators as well as spare
parts for life-saving medical equipment
all this is hindering the ability of
health workers to treat severely
malnourish patients who were struggling
to survive this war Victoria gonb Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz